{'hello': 'Hello there! How can I assist you today?', 'how are you': "I'm just a computer program, but thanks for asking! How can I help you?", 'tell me about technology': 'Technology is a vast and rapidly evolving field that encompasses various tools, systems, and techniques designed to solve problems and improve efficiency.', "what's your favorite science article": "I don't have personal preferences, but I can share interesting science articles with you! Is there a specific topic you're interested in?", 'suggest a science experiment': "Sure, how about experimenting with the effects of different substances on plant growth? It's a fun and educational project!", 'favorite travel destination': "I don't travel, but I'd love to hear about your favorite travel destination! Where do you enjoy going the most?", 'talk about space': "Space is incredibly fascinating! From galaxies to black holes, there's so much to explore and learn. Is there a specific aspect of space you'd like to discuss?", 'python programming': 'Python is a versatile programming language known for its readability and simplicity. Are you interested in a specific aspect of Python programming?', 'nature': 'Nature is beautiful and diverse, ranging from majestic landscapes to microscopic organisms. What aspect of nature interests you the most?', 'goodbye': 'Goodbye! If you have more questions or just want to chat, feel free to come back anytime.', 'favorite book': "I don't have personal favorites, but I'd love to hear about your favorite book! What genre do you enjoy the most?", 'current technology trends': "Some current technology trends include artificial intelligence, blockchain, and Internet of Things. Is there a specific trend you'd like to learn more about?", 'favorite scientific theory': "Scientific theories are fascinating! Do you have a favorite scientific theory, or is there one you'd like to discuss?", 'coding projects': 'Coding projects are a great way to apply and enhance your programming skills. Do you have a specific coding project in mind, or are you looking for ideas?', 'favorite space mission': 'There have been many remarkable space missions. Is there a specific space mission that you find particularly interesting?', 'future technology predictions': 'Predicting the future of technology is exciting! What are some of your predictions for future technological advancements?', 'mind-blowing facts': "There are countless mind-blowing facts out there! Is there a specific topic you're curious about, or would you like a random mind-blowing fact?", 'how to stay motivated': 'Staying motivated can be a challenge. What strategies do you currently use to stay motivated, or are you looking for some tips?', 'favorite programming language': 'There are numerous programming languages. Do you have a favorite, or are you exploring different languages?', 'impact of technology on society': 'Technology has a profound impact on society. What aspects of this impact are you interested in discussing?', 'favorite natural phenomenon': 'Natural phenomena are awe-inspiring! Do you have a favorite natural phenomenon, or are you curious about a specific one?', 'learning new skills': 'Learning new skills is a fantastic journey. What skills are you currently working on, or are you seeking advice on where to start?', 'discuss a recent scientific discovery': 'Scientific discoveries are constantly unfolding. Is there a recent discovery that caught your attention, or would you like to hear about one?', 'good morning': 'Good morning! How did you sleep?', 'highlight of yesterday': 'What was the best part of your day yesterday?', 'plans for today': 'Any exciting plans for today?', 'favorite morning activity': "What's your favorite thing to do in the morning?", 'positive affirmation': 'Share a positive affirmation to start the day.', 'morning routine': 'Tell me about your morning routine. What gets you energized?', 'weather check': "How's the weather outside? Is it influencing your plans?", 'breakfast choice': 'What did you have for breakfast today?', 'goal for the day': "What's one goal you want to achieve today?", 'gratitude moment': 'What are you grateful for this morning?', 'music recommendation': "Any favorite morning tunes you'd recommend?", 'morning challenge': 'Is there any challenge you anticipate today? How do you plan to overcome it?', 'morning quote': 'Share a motivational quote to inspire your day.', 'hi': 'Hi Kid ! This is Srinadh speaking.Consider it as my new  year ! Mis Je lot', 'llci': 'delete 31/12/2023', '': 'type something first', 'calcuator': 'calculator', 'help': '', 'howareyou': "I'm fine", 'back': 'exit', 'exit': 'say bye to me'}